allow configuring the CSRF_TRUSTED_ORIGINS using an env var (#3583)
mozilla/pontoon: docs/admin/deployment.rst

   A list of strings representing the host/domain names the site can serve.
   Defaults to ``.localhost, 127.0.0.1, [::1]``, should always be set in production.

``CSRF_TRUSTED_ORIGINS``

>    A list of strings used by Django's CSRF protection. It should contain the domains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Optional. A list of trusted origins for unsafe requests. It should contain the domains
```

   where the app is available. The setting also supports subdomains, so you could
   add `https://*.example.com`, for example, to allow access from all

>    subdomains of `example.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   subdomains of `example.com`. Default value is `[]`.
```

>    more details at:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Learn more at:
```

> 
>    Learn more at: https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.1/ref/settings/#secure-ssl-redirect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Learn more in the `Django documentation <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.1/ref/settings/#secure-ssl-redirect>`_.
```

``CSRF_TRUSTED_ORIGINS``
   Optional. A list of trusted origins for unsafe requests. It should contain the domains
   where the app is available. The setting also supports subdomains, so you could
   add `https://*.example.com`, for example, to allow access from all
   subdomains of `example.com`. Default value is `[]`.

> 
>    Learn more at:
>    https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.1/ref/settings/#csrf-trusted-origins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Learn more in the `Django documentation <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.1/ref/settings/#csrf-trusted-origins>`_.
```
